
2. Create a function capable of printing the state of your HashClass to the console.
This function must present the location and value of each entry in a readily understood way.
This function must also print the hash’s Load Factor.
Use this function to verify the behavior of each HashClass after a series of insertions.
Present the output of this function in the submission tab.

Print out from the separate_chaining.rb:

There are currently 3 items out of 8 spaces in the hash, with a load factor of 0.375
These are the items in the hash as 'key: value' pairs: 
Star Wars: The Phantom Menace: Number One
Star Wars: Attack of the Clones: Number Two
Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith: Number Three

Print out from the open_addressing.rb:

There are currently 6 items out of 10 spaces in the hash, with a load factor of 0.6
These are the items in the hash as 'key: value' pairs: 
Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back: Number Five
Star Wars: Return of the Jedi: Number Six
Star Wars: Attack of the Clones: Number Two
Star Wars: A New Hope: Number Four
Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith: Number Three


3. Describe three collision resolution strategies not mentioned here.

Coalesced Hashing - This method is somewhat of a hybrid between separate chaining & open addressing. Similar to separate
chaining, it uses a linked list, but in this strategy, the linked list points to another bucket in the table.

2-Choice Hashing - This method uses two different hashing functions to create two separate hashing indexes within the table.
Using these two different locations, it will calculate which location contains fewer items and place the new item in the 
location that contains the fewest items.

Robin Hood Hashing - Another variation on open addressing. With this method, when you are inserting a new element, if the probe 
length for the existing element is less than the current probe length for the new element being added, simply swap the two 
elements and keep going.


4. Create your own collision resolution strategy and describe how it works.

My collision strategy, which I've named "Quarter-Quarter Hashing" is a variation of open addressing. It works as normal whilst there 
are empty spaces in the array, by using the hashing function to create an index for the new element, and using a linear probe
to search for the next available index. Once the structure only has one quarter of it's available capacity left, simply increase the size
of the structure by 1/4 to n = n * 1.25 (rounding to the nearest whole number where neccessary). The idea behind this is to create
a trade-off between memory allocation, load factor and memory re-allocation operations. Using an array size of n = 32 as
an example, inserting the 24th element would cause the array to resize to n = 40, with a load factor of 0.6. By making use of a simple, flat
array structure, this trade-off will hopefully help reduce potential cache misses and storage inefficiencies. 

